docs: update docker install for macos (#3699)
determined-ai/determined: docs/sysadmin-deploy-on-prem/requirements.txt

Software
========

> -  The Determined agent and master nodes must be configured with Ubuntu 16.04 or higher, CentOS 7,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The Determined agent and master nodes must be configured with Ubuntu 20.04 or higher, CentOS 7,
```

   or macOS 10.13 or higher.

-  The agent nodes must have :ref:`Docker installed <install-docker>`.

-  To run jobs with GPUs, the Nvidia drivers must be installed on each Determined agent. Determined

>    requires a version greater than or equal to 384.81 of the Nvidia drivers. The Nvidia drivers can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   requires a version greater than or equal to 450.80 of the Nvidia drivers. The Nvidia drivers can
```

   be installed as part of a CUDA installation but the rest of the CUDA toolkit is not required.

> -  Determined supports the `supported Python versions <https://endoflife.date/python>`__.

Reviewer 2: "supports the supported" seems like a bad wording to me, looks good otherwise.

Hardware
========

-  The Determined master node should be configured with at least four Intel Broadwell or later CPU
   cores, 8GB of RAM, and 200GB of free disk space. The Determined master node does not need GPUs.

-  Each Determined agent node should be configured with at least two Intel Broadwell or later CPU
   cores, 4GB of RAM, and 50GB of free disk space. If you are using GPUs, Nvidia GPUs with compute
   capability 3.7 or greater are required. These include K80, P100, V100, A100, GTX 1080, GTX 1080
   Ti, TITAN, and TITAN XP.

Most of the disk space required by the master is because of the experiment metadata database. If
PostgreSQL is set up on a different machine, the disk space requirements for the master are minimal
(~100MB).

.. _install-docker:

****************
 Install Docker
****************

Docker is a dependency of several Determined system components. For example, every agent node must
have Docker installed to run containerized workloads.

Install on Linux
================

> #. Install Docker. Docker version 19.03 or newer is required on the machine where the agent is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Install Docker. Docker version 20.10 or newer is required on the machine where the agent is
```
